how
You know each other?
Dad, I want to talk to him alone
You go back first
OK.
Lolo
No matter what happens
Tell dad to make sure you call the shots
You think you two are just talking casually
I will believe
believe it or not
I'll cancel the marriage
What do you think I am?
Cancel if you say cancel
Don't you want to marry Yu Qianyin?
A two-step marriage is not lucky.
Two not in love
So the person you love is Zhang Haoran
The person in my heart
He's already dead.
During the three years he disappeared
After he humiliated me again and again
From the moment I said that I put myself into a wealthy family
He's already dead.
Lu Zesheng
I don't need to marry myself into a wealthy family at all
Because I am wealthy